uProtocol Options Cleanup (#141)
eclipse-uprotocol/up-spec: up-l3/udiscovery/v3/README.adoc

A property is a name-value pair of information that is declared using Protobuf Options. There are two types of properties:

> 1. *uProtocol Properties:* Required properties that all services must set, these are defined https://github.com/eclipse-uprotocol/up-core-api/blob/main/uprotocol/uoptions.proto[uprotocol-options.proto]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. *uProtocol Properties:* Required properties that all services must set, these are defined in link:../up-core-api/uprotocol/v1/uoptions.proto[uoptions.proto]
```
